fix wording about page links (#4163)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/performance/getting-started.mdx

description: "Get started with Sentry's Performance Monitoring, which allows you to see macro-level metrics to micro-level spans, cross-reference transactions with related issues, and customize queries."
---

> If you don't already have performance monitoring enabled, use the supported SDK links below to quickly set up access to our [Performance Monitoring](/product/performance/) features. Performance Monitoring helps you see everything from macro-level [metrics](/product/performance/metrics/) to micro-level [spans](/product/performance/event-detail/), and you'll be able to cross-reference [transactions with related issues](/product/performance/transaction-summary/), customize [queries](/product/discover-queries/query-builder/) based on your personal needs, and substantially more.

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't already have performance monitoring enabled, use the links for supported SDKs below to quickly set up access to our [Performance Monitoring](/product/performance/) features. Performance Monitoring helps you see everything from macro-level [metrics](/product/performance/metrics/) to micro-level [spans](/product/performance/event-detail/), and you'll be able to cross-reference [transactions with related issues](/product/performance/transaction-summary/), customize [queries](/product/discover-queries/query-builder/) based on your personal needs, and substantially more.
```
